the best way that you could help your team meet standards. At least for
me. It was to lead by example when it was for fitness. I made sure
that I was always, um, pushing people clapping them on, you know, being
one of the top performers of my physical fitness assessment. Whether
it's for awards, I made sure that, like I have some awards myself,
I know what it takes to get awards. Aiken, tell people if you wanna
get sailor recorder, you need X, Y and Z let me help you. I've
also done X Y Z Um, here's here's my my resume. Here's my recommendations.
Um, go to some other people and get there is, you know, and give
it to them. That's called leading by example when you have, ah,
pristine example, or at least as close to what is possible. And then
you filter that out to other people, um, for standards of, let's say,
fixing some equipment, right? Um, if they don't know how to do it,
then you lead by example. You are the one who goes down there and
says, Hey, you know what you want through these things you bust out
this tech manual and you you report to this person. Um, the worst thing
that you could do is, uh, knowing that they don't know that they
might not reach the standard. You still direct them from the office?
It's like, Hey, go down there and and fix it. Once they come back
with substandard work, you don't really have ah position Thio. Explain
to them like, Hey, you know what? Like you were wrong in this case,
if you weren't there or if you didn't show them what the right example
was, then you're the one who is wrong.